.TH carnarvon 1 "July 2006"
.SH NAME
carnarvon \-  A software archaeology analysis tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B carnarvon
[
.B -h, --help
] [
.B -o, --options
] [
.B -d, --driver
.I DRIVER
] [
.B -t, --max-threads
.I MAXTHREADS
] [
.B -w, --wizard
] [
.B -a, --automatic
] [
.B -c, --no-checkout
] [
.B -r, --no-clean
] [
.B -l, --no-log
] 
[config_file]

.SH DESCRIPTION

A lot of software, mostly open source software, is developed using version control tools from which it is possible to extract even when a single line of code was edited for the last time. To collect all this kind of data and analyze it statistically could show information in terms of software aging and indicators of maintainability could be obtained  from different perspectives, systems area and development area, for example.

.SH GENERAL OPTIONS

.TP
.B -h, --help
Print a help message.

.TP
.B -o, --options
Print the posting options.

.TP
.B -d, --driver DRIVER
Output driver [mysql|stdout]

.TP
.B -t, --max-threads MAXTHREADS
Max number of threads [default=2]

.TP
.B -w, --wizard
Create a config file step by step

.TP
.B -a, --automatic
Autogenerate a basic template config file

.TP
.B -c, --no-checkout
Don't checkout repository automatically.

.TP
.B -r, --no-clean
Don't clean source directory after checkout

.TP
.B -l, --no-log
Don't log repository automatically.

.SH USAGE

carnarvon needs a config file in order to run. You can generate
this config file in two ways:

.B     carnarvon -a my.conf

will generate a basic template. Edit it with your proper values.

.B     carnarvon -w my.conf

will execute a wizard in order to generate the config file step
by step.

Once you have a proper config file, you will be able to run carnarvon:

.B     carnarvon my.conf

Note that carnarvon accepts several flags. Try running carnarvon
without arguments.

After carnarvon finishes the analysis of the given project, run the other 
tool in order to get graphs and a nice website:

.B     carnarvon2web my.conf

.SH SEE ALSO
carnarvon2web(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Alvaro Navarro (anavarro@gsyc.escet.urjc.es)
Carlos Gonzalez (karlhangas@gmail.com)